Fixes post pub (#27)
filecoin-project/fvm-docs: content/en/docs/concepts/basics/overview.md

There has been a huge demand from the developer community for Filecoin compatibility with [Ethereum](https://ethereum.org/en/what-is-ethereum/) and [Solidity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solidity) out of the box. With the FVM, developers can access the massive corpus of audited and battle-tested smart contracts written in Solidity for the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM).

> The FVM also supports other foreign runtimes and virtual machines, anything that compiles to [WebAssembly (WASM)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/WebAssembly). WASM provides the flexibility we need to meet a variety of needs, because it was built for modern web browsers and supports multiple languages, including Rust and Go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FVM also supports other foreign runtimes and virtual machines, anything that compiles to [WebAssembly (WASM)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/WebAssembly). WASM provides the flexibility we need to meet various needs because it was built for modern web browsers and supports multiple languages, including Rust and Go.
```

> Developers can adapt to the FVM in other contexts, such as the [Interplanetary File System (IPFS)](https://docs.ipfs.io/) and [Interplanetary Linked Data (IPLD)](https://ipld.io/docs/), because it's not tightly-coupled to Filecoin.

Reviewer: > because it's not tightly-coupled to Filecoin

Does _it's_ refer to the FVM here, or IPLD?

Smart contracts use virtual entities, called _Actors_, to perform transactions. Actors are assigned various capabilities, carry a FIL currency balance, and can interact with other actors. Because user-defined actors will exponentially increase demand for space on the blockchain, we're looking into solutions that support speedier processing, such as:

- [Hierarchical consensus](https://research.protocol.ai/blog/2022/scaling-blockchains-with-hierarchical-consensus/#:~:text=Hierarchical%20consensus%20is%20a%20framework,other%20subnet%20in%20the%20hierarchy) with parallel execution: Enabling more processes to be done at the same time.
- [Sharding](https://www.sofi.com/learn/content/what-is-sharding/#:~:text=Sharding%20involves%20splitting%20a%20blockchain,a%20larger%20volume%20of%20transactions.): A kind of partitioning that separates data into smaller, faster, more easily managed chunks.

## Use cases

Here are some use cases that are possible with the FVM. With centralized data, a lot of these use cases are incredibly hard, if not impossible. Decentralization and programmability open up a lot of possibilities.

### Layer 2: data layer commitments

> Layers or Layer Protocols specify the set of communication protocols used on the blockchain and other traditional computer networks. Protocols are the technology that facilitates information sharing. (See [What Are Application Layer Protocols?](https://coinmarketcap.com/alexandria/article/what-are-application-layer-protocols))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Layers or Layer Protocols specify the set of communication protocols used on the blockchain and other traditional computer networks. Protocols are the technology that facilitates information sharing. The article titled [What Are Application Layer Protocols?](https://coinmarketcap.com/alexandria/article/what-are-application-layer-protocols)) on Coinmarketcap.com is a great resource.
```

The introduction of the FVM with smart contracts enables access to Layer 2 off-chain data to fuel state changes that are provable and traceable end-to-end. You can provide consensus-backed commitments to make solutions such as:

- Cross-chain bridges: Enabling an exchange of information from one blockchain network to another.
- Oracles: Connecting blockchains to off-chain systems so they can execute based on inputs and outputs from the real world.

> - Rollups: Rolling up multiple transactions into a single piece of data before submitting it to the blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rollups: Combining multiple transactions into a single piece of data before submitting it to the blockchain.
```
